DreamWorks Pictures
in association with
Film4
present
The Lovely Bones
I remember being really small.
... too small to see
over the edge of a table.
there is a snow globe.
And I remember the penguin
who lived inside the globe
He was all alone in there
and I worried for him.
don't worry. Kiddo
He has a nice life.
He's trapped in the perfect world.
The Lovely Bones
look at that. Susie Q.
subtitle by
Amir
amir_t6262@yahoo.com
TWELVE YEARS LATER.
I remember being given a camera
for my birthday.
I love the way. a photo
could capture a moment.
Before it was gone.
That's what i wanted to be
when i grew up...
'A wild-life photographer'
Sorry. mom.
I imagined that.
when i'll be older I'll be tracking wild elephants
and rhinos.
But. for now. I'd have
to make deal with Grace Tarking.
Its strange the memories you keep
I remember going with dad
to the sink-hole out at the Connor's farm.
it was something about the way
the earth could swallow things whole
And I remember the girl who lived there.
Ruth Connors.
the kids at our school said
she was weird.
and know i know and see
those things other didn't.
Ready?
One. two. three!
And i remember the worst thing
that ever happened to us as a family.
Somebody help!
- Mom?
Where are you?
Mom?
oh god
Dad?
The day my little brother
stopped breathing.
Buckley!
What happened?
- He has swallowed a twig.
WatchOut!
Are you crazy?
- Sorry!
Buckley.
You're okay...
And I remember the light in my
parents eyes. the relief.
we weren't those people...
... those unlucky people. to whom
bad things happened for no reason.
You know the Buddha said.
"If you save someone else's life...
My grandmother predicted me a long and happy life because i'ved saved  my brother.
As usual.
Granma Lynn was wrong.
My name was Salmon. like the fish.
first name Susie.
I was 14 years old when I was murdered.
on December 6. 1973.
(Announcer) Over here next.we have Crystal...
this was before missing kids
started to appear on Milk cartons.
Over feature stories
on the daily news.
It was back when people
believed things like that didn't happen.
No matter what size you have.
it's all perfectly.
If you got it...
- Hold on. buddy.
Buckley!
- Look at this!
That is the m.
Who is he?
Does he like you as much as you like him?
Grandma. He is a seniors.
He does not know I exist.
- He's Cute.
- Granma. please just drop it!
You're safe.
He is in the record.
I was not safe. A man in
my neighborhood was watching me.
If I was not so distracted. I had
had in mind that something was not right.
Because usually I get chills.
but i was too busy. thinking about
the length of Ray Singh's eyelashes.
I counted each one in library time
while he was reading 'Abelard and Heloise'
the most seriously tragic love story ever
so. have you kissed him ?
Why not? You like him. he likes you.
What's the hold up?
I'm just afraid of the moment I can not.
My first kiss was with grown man.
You not going to tell them. are you?
- Of course not.
- What was it like?
- The kiss? Oh it was wonderful.
beautiful. glorious.
Took me a long time before i realise
that a kiss like that. it only happen just once.
Susie ...
just have fun. kid.
It wasn't Mr. O'Dwyer. by the way.
although. he kinda looks suspicious.
Mr.O'Dwyer.never hurt anyone.
Mr.O'Dwyer's own daughter died
a year and a half after i did.
she had leukemia.
but i never saw her in my heaven.
Hey. look at me!
mom -
hi honey -
I took his photo once. as he talked
to my parents about his board of flowers.
Thank you so much
carefull honny
I took his photo once he waqs talking
eith my parents about the border flower
I was aiming for the bushes.
but he got in the way.
Thanks for the flowers!
He stepped out of nowhere.
and ruined the shot.
He ruined a lot of things.
- What have you been photographed?
Everything.
- Everything?
hey look at me
mom
smile!
over here
hey look at me
OK. Here we go .
Clarissa has got a crush on you
Which one was Clarissa?
you know. blonde hair.
mega blue eye shadow.
she's out on Surf & Turf.
- the tall one?
she's not tall. she wears platforms
she doesn't know you are an accountant.
-i take it. that's a negative
or that you are  a closet scale
modeller
Did mom know before she married you?
about your obsession?
Susie. hobbies are healthy.
it teach you things.
Like what?
like if you start something
you finish it.
you don't stop until
you get it right.
if you don't get it right.you start all over again and
you keep on going as long as you have to.
That's the way it is. that's the way you do.
Its perfectly normal.
you're granpy taught me  to do this.
Now i'm teaching you.
We are creating something here. for us.
Something. special.
- I know
- you are my first mate. Susie Q.
One day. this all will be yours.
- Jack. Susie. dinner.
hey hey hey. Wait.
Ready?
yeah
- now pull it steady
- give me.
Okay. shipman take it away!
Now that's the thing of beauty.
Come on.
i don't believe it.
Do you see that room.
You've got this mess clean up tonight
- Yes. I will.
hey mom. we need get these developed
Susie. You Used up all the film?
Do you know how expensive that is?
No. no. Absolutely not
out of the question
And thanks.
Day career.
do not be so melodramatic.
- oh honey. what? What wrong this morning?
She used up all the film we gave her
for her birthday
All of it
- All of it. every single one
Susie ...
- It is a crime to be creative in this family.
it's alright.
we pay her for one roll per month
One over a month?
You realize by the time i see my photos
i'll be middle aged
We have 24 rolls. right?
Development costs 2.99 each.
That is $ 71 and 76 cents.
I don't think it would be even fair?
- Oh Honey.
Would you?
- Why I love you.
Do you want to please
not do during breakfast?
yes. OK. Whatever you say
Eat your food. c'mon.
Doesn't have a siren mpron
This is a cement truck.
Call him a fool.
The cement remains on the board. please.
It is not cement. but Dad.
Also good.
- Back to school. come on.
Bye. Dad.
-Bye. Susie.
Susie!
What is that?
- Your new hat.
I thought you given up knitting.
oh no. i'm still knitting
I must make one for you too?
Do you have your gloves on?
would you please Put them on young ladies.
Susie. put your hat on.
it is cold.
Holiday. inside.
Come here.
Susie Mutsie.
- Shut up.
No really
looks good on you
This is a exercising humiliation.
Hurry. we're late.
Othello. What is that?
Sounds like a myth.
that guy look pretty stupid with
that black make up on.
Who?
- The one with two first names.
Lawrence Oliver.
- What a loser.
Clarissa!
Let's go.
- I'm talking with Susie.
And I wait for hours to you.
Let's go.
Also nice to see you. Bryan.
Are you coming or not?
- Yes.
bye susie
hey Susie
Hi. Ray.
- What did you think of the Moor?
Who?
Othello.
I just ...
It was amazing.
I mean ...
Really incredible.
I love that play
that's another thing we have in common.
What we have in common then?
Do not you know?
Crap.
It's OK.
- Fine. I could help.
Stupid books.
I do not even read them.
Susie. what are you doing Saturday?
Are you really from England?
Yes.
You are beautiful. Susie Salmon.
Whatever.
- It's obscene.
Listen you.
This model has no breasts.
There's no eyes and mouth either.
but you told us to draw a face.
Your drawing onnoodzakelijke
pretty boy who wound up.
He had stolen my drawings.
Now hang everywhere drawings
of naked ladies in school.
Walk.
Certainly i can have my drawing back?
- Certainly not.
Did you hear me Singh?
Go.
Meet me in the mall
10 o'clock. saturday
Now
Where in the mall?
- The Casebo.
Hello.
- Dad!
Hello. friend.
You're strangling me.
I must have air.
How was your day?
- Well. Buckley go wash your hands.
After dinner we play on.
- Is Susie to you?
No.
- It is late.
Lindsey. where is your sister?
- What?
Your sister.
- The tone had elles.
What's for dinner?
oh. Shoot
I hope that was homework.
You are one of the Salmons. right?
Yes.
- Do you remember me?
I live right down your street.
down in the the green house. Mr. Harvey.
Hi.
- Hi. how are you?
How your folks doing?
-they are fine.
good. tell them my hi. You know
You're also the perfect person for me to run into
because I've built something over here and i want to
get second opinion on it. do you want to take a look?
I should really go home.
Oh. OK
I've worked so hard on it.
and would like someone else sees it ...
but that's Ok. I think the other kid in the
neighbourhood would be so excited about it.
Really?
- Yes.
It's great. i mean it's really need
Come on. two minutes.
You're probably already too late.
I don't see anything.
- you don't?
Then you will still need to look better.
What is it?
I've washed my hands.
- Good. You have to be dry.
thanks mom
oh. i'm sorry
Still no beans. eh?
- What?
only one.
- one bean?
Nice huh?
Tou wanna pork. Honey?
- Yes. thank you.
Look how your sister eat.
But she is older.
I build it for the kids in the neighborhood. ...
i think it could be used as a kind of clubhouse or i don't know
Would you be the first to "test m?
Really?
- Yeah. go ahead. be fun
If so.
- Corn and beans.
If you eat them both you can stay up
to watching TV with me.
No. thank you.
I'll make a sign for her.
that's it
This is wonderful.
She doesn't like bean
thats why she didn't come
Put more precisely but
punishment that they should eat.
I gotta eat too.
- Well. they just get beans.
They are really nice.
- Caution.
That's better.
- Throw them on it.
They finally eat spinach.
There are also beans.
Make yourself at home.
This is really cool mr Harvey
- Yeah it's cool?
I thought you have a
place you wanted to have.
have a sit
Do you like it?
- Yes.
Do you think she is still in the mall?
Yes. probably with Clarissa.
- She could atleast call.
A 14 year old really how
to use telephone
I understand you. I rule
but if she's home.
There is everything.
as cuddly ...
And games. because I know that
kids like that.
And candles and beautiful statues.
Very nice. and small gadgets.
there we go
It's nice with candels everywhere. huh?
And there is one rule.
Prohibited for adults.
Ok?
what a cute hat.
Do you want a refreshment susie?
Actually i have to go.
- No. be polite.
you have to be polite.
be polite
That's another rule.
It is hot here.
Did you warm it?
You can take off your coat if you want.
You're really pretty. Susie.
Thank you.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Not? I knew you not
like the other girls had.
Mr. Harvey?
It's nice down here. huh?
Especially. right?
Yes it is. it is very special.
But I must go.
I do not want you leave.
I will not hurt you.
Would you please call us
if you see her? Thank you
She is not in the cities.
- Where are my keys?
Where are they?
-I don't know honey. in the bowl by the door?
Where you going?
Can not you just wait?
Just wait for the police.
look. Stay by the phone.
She gonna be in so much trouble.
Go back to bed.
ok
Guys. this is my daughter. She is not
come home. have you seen her?
-No. I have seen no one.
- No
Madam. you can also watch?
Have you seen this girl?
Sorry. friend.
Can you even look? This is my
daughter. she has not come home.
could you look at that?
Have you seen this girl?
take a look?
Susan is been missing four hours?
Susie. We call her Susie.
Yes. little more than four hours.
Is this the first time
she runs away?
She has not run away.
she is missing.
Problems at home?
Family difficulties?
No. no problems.
there's a happy ...She is happy child.
She's never done before detective
- I understand. but I only ...
She is always different at home.
- Know what's going on.
There is nothing wrong.
She is just missing.
Call me when you see her.
Dad?
Sorry to interrupt. I am Jack Salmon.
and living just around the corner ...
Dad!
Can you make a list of all her friends?
With names and contact information?
And describtion of what she was wearing.
- actually. i could tell you that right now...
if you want to write it down.
She wore a homemade woolen hat ...
Mom. Dad!
Pink gloves and a beige rucksack.
Mom?
No!
Secure that corner!
And put the rest off with tape before
The whole neighborhood is.
And in light of the school.
What is that?
We have found evidence
in the corn field behind school.
There was a cavity in the earth
alot of debries
Mostky loose wood and brocken crates
Probably remnants of
one or structure.
And Susie?
We have not found her.
That is good.
isn't it?
We do have her hat. but you didn't find her
which means you really even don't know if she was there at all. right?
That would be preferable?
We have also found blood.
a significant amount of blood.
very Sorry.
We beat this through.
- How?
i would take care of you
You can not.
- All is well again.
This is never good. Jack.
We have to find her.
I promise we bring her home.
You have my number. or else
Just get past the desk.
Thanks for your time.
- Sure.
A good day.
- You too.
Mr. Harvey?
- Yes.
Detective Len Fenerman.
- How are you doing?
you have some time for few question ?
- sure.
Come inside.
- Thank you
I know why you're here. of course
If something happened ...
we often blame ourself.
all i can think about it now is
why i didn't see something or why i didn't hear something
because surely that young girl must be screamed
Would you like one?
- No. thank you
But if you could just think back
She was wearing a blue jacket yellow .
About the same as this.
This blue jacket here?
- The darker blue jacket.
And on the second photograph you can see
the pants she wore.
No. it does not ring a bell.
But you were home that day?
What day?
- Last Wednesday.
Last Wednesday ...
Last Wednesday ...When I was home all day.
I've probably done shopping ...
but actually been here all day
for most part .
Ok. good
thanks
Are you married?
- i was.
but You have kids?
- no i wish. i wish.
Is it bad if I just look?
- No.
I make everything myself.
Yes. I make everything myself.
The tiles and furniture.
I once made cabinets.
but there is no question after.
I put probably too long.
but that's the perfectionist in me. i guess
All it shows.
- Thank you
-That's amazing craftsmanship.
-oh. well
I took a risk and try something new
and discover the talent i didn't know i have
What's that underneath the stairs?
- That would be the basement.
Dad?
She's dead. isn't she?
I was sleeping away.
that's what it felt like.
Life was leaving me.
But I wasn't afraid
Then I remembered there is something
i've mented to do.
somewhere's ment to be.
Ray?
Ray!
Ray! Wait!
If I had bought one hours of love ...
If that everything would be what I would get ...
an hour of love upon this earth ...
Then I would give my love
to see some more.
Are you the Moor?
- Why?
I think this is yours.
How did you get this?
I Found it
I'm a poet.
You're quite good.
Do not you have somewhere to go?
You miss her. don't you?
I never knew what that meant.
I've always thought that the
means gone. Frozen.
It means gone.
She is gone.
What if she isn't?
What if they still here?
Help!
You not supposed to do that.
- What?
Who are you?
- She saw you. that girl
I think my hand touched hers.
- And that's all it takes.
She carry enought for the rest
of her life.
You are not supposed to look back.
You are supposed to keep going
Come back. Wait!
Who are you?
I'm Holly.
Holly go lightly.
That does not sound like a real name.
- Is not I got it borrowed.
This can here.
- Here?
You mean in heaven?
- You're funny.
What's so funny about it?
- This is not heaven. not there yet.
What is this place?
- this place is not really one place ...
and also is not the other place
it's a bit of both.
What is that?
- thats where we're going.
Holly said there is a wide wide heaven
behind everything we know
were there were no corn fields
and no memories.
No grave
But I wasn't looking beyond yet.
I still looking back.
You can't go back.
Who are you?
It's over.
Come with me.
I do not know you.
Why are you here?
You must let go of the Earth.
You're dead. Susie.
You have to leave.
I have to go home.
Dad!
My Murderer began
to feel safe.
He knew people wanted to move on.
He needed to forget.
He took comfort in the thought
no one was looking at him.
But there was one thing my murderer did't understad.
He did not understand how much a father
could love his child.
dad
It's ok.
it's gonna be ok.
He knows I'm here.
My dad knows I'm here.
I was still with him.
I was not lost or frozen or gone.
I was alive in my own perfect world.
Dad?
I saw Susie.
She came into my room.
She kissed me on the cheek.
Come here buddy.
I saw her too
Dad? I think she listens.
She rolls all follow shot
- All?
It is a crime to be creative.
- Shall we do a roll every month?
One per month?
I have them.
Look. some are pretty good.
Why do you develop them all?
One per month so ...
That is crazy.
- Why?
I mean why we keep these things dragging out like this?
We are not draging it out.
We had a deal.
There is no deal. Jack.
Fenerman
Len. I had to call you.
Susie is smart.
She would never go off with a stranger.
It must be someone she knows.
Somebody local.
look! I"ve got a name for you.
I've got Several names actually.
Ronald Driver.
- Do you have an address?
Len I've got another name for you.
A janitor. Michael Gitchell.
Gary Davis.
- who's that?
Davis. He works at the waste.
-ok I look into it
I have his address here. Is it a bad thing
If I just drive by there and take a look myself?
Did you check Brent Peretti yet?
- Who?
Peretti. I have his credit file
It does not look good.
I'm on top. Understand?
- I found another one.
listen. you got to trust me Ok.
We gonna get this guy.
len. Glad you're here. I was going to call.
- I've received messages.
I have all public records.
In order to walk.
I know you to the obvious suspects.
Convicted criminals. Child Rapists.
and I understand why. but Len ...
I think you from
approaching the wrong angle.
Honey.
- Herman Stolefish. just across the street ...
He seems perfectly normal. but Len ...
The man wears adults diapers .
Herman is 80 years old.
- I followed him to the supermarket.
Sat his cart full of them.
- He has a problem with his prostate.
We must stop looking backward.
We need to see family histories.
Criminal record. mental health issues ...
- Jack. this dosen't changes anything.
Tax. You can do much about someone
tell on the basis of the tax.
Do you now?
Can not you  leave it alone?
jack. I know it's been 11 months . I
know that you try deal with it in your won way ...
She's not coping very well.
She needs help. Jack.
She needs someone who's
through here helps.
Grandma is there.
What does my mother here?
- You do not save it.
Len and I are worried. your mother
offered to help.
Did you invite her here?
- darling.
Hello. mother.
- Look at you sometimes. Do you eat?
Is this all?
- Don't be ridicules. This is my make-up.
You're so clever.
- Lindsey. honey.aren't you going to say hello ?
The child hates me.
What will it be. Jack?
I drink no more today.
- That is your problem in a nutshell.
Are we still a family?
- Of course we are one family.
Your mother is a crisis.
your father is a wreck.
What's that make you?
I'm in charged.
He walked through the woods. looking
to rabbits.
Then he sees three. He grabs his gun.
look and point.
And then a big smoke cloud.
He sees them not.
Then he realizes that his gun
was. he had no more bullets. Then he runs.
You're Salmon girl ? right
Holiday
Grandma. I know where Susie is.
Yeah. Susie is gone to heaven. sweetheart.
- Lindsey says there is no heaven.
allright then she is dead.
You will also soon died.
- Why do you say that?
Because you're old.
35 is not old. You
that smelled too much polish.
There is also nothing to me.
You know why?
Because  I take my medicine everyday.
Grandma. she is here.
What?
- Susie.
Susie is in between.
I was in the blue horizon. between
heaven and earth.
The days were unchanging.
And every night I dreamed
the same dream.
The smell of damn breath. The scream that
no one heard.
The sound of my heart. that if hit
a hammer against a coffin.
And I heard them calling.
The voices of the dead.
I wanted to follow them.
A way out.
But I always came back
the same door.
And I was afraid.
I knew when I went in there ...
I never go outside
would come.
My Murderer could live in
one moment for a long time.
He could feed a memory
over and over again.
He was animal.
Faceless.
infinite.
But then he would feel it.
The emptiness returning.
And would need him again
to emerge.
Go.
- Here in?
When summer came he know this young
lovers who cornfield dunk.
He began to follow them. And watched.
Are you coming to bed?
Yes. soon.
Buckley has done.
- Yes. he said that our house was ...
This is the police. and this is you.
- This is me?
Yes. he has made you chief of police.
- I've gained 20 pounds.
That must be uniform.
- The danger of a desk job.
I would give up a loss.
- Sit down.
i'm living with this every day.
- what about your marriage?
What marriage?
Jack sleeps in the den.
You must find a way to go.
You have no choice.
If you can not keep full.
you ... ah. bingo
that's cooking Sherry .
- You must find a way to live with this.
live with it? I'm living with this.
you're not
I count them off. So?
You have a tomb in the middle of your house.
Oh sweetheart. do you really think if
you seal it up that the pain gonna go?
My mother went so far as possible.
She found a job at a small farm
just outside Santa Rosa.
The work was hard. but
she did not mind.
If anyone asked. she said
she had two children.
Dear Lindsey ...
And Lindsey. who always said
she didn't believe in love.
found it anyway.
And there it was. The moment
I would never know.
My little sister had run ahead of me.
She was growing up.
What is it?
I thought you would be happy.
I'm happy.
I am very happy.
Why are you crying?
You think she did not want to kiss?
- No. she did.
She wanted to kiss him very much.
always I would watch Ray.
I was in the air around him.
I was in the cold winter mornings he
spent with Ruth Conner.
That strange other worldly girl ...
so easy the presence
accepted by the dead among the living.
And sometimes thought Ray to me.
But he began to wonder whether the
was time to stop that memory away.
Maybe it was time for me
to let go.
Lindsey. throw it.
Missing girl. Susie Salmon and
sister Lindsey Salmon (right)
My Murderer had finally tuned and stinked.
He knew my sister had begun to wondered
about the solitary man who lived in the greenhouse .
She seemed intend to him
to penetrate.
And he resented it.
He began to feel a familiar itch.
Roles to develop
Mom. look.
- For a moment.
Careful. honey.
- Mom.
This is a beautiful ...
Mom. look.
Dad. look at me.
Mr. Salmon. hello.
What is that?
- A project I'm working on.
Are you a hunter?
- Ducks.
That is a blind right?
- Yes.
Yes.
- Does it really?
It's all about concealment
the art of concealment .
And patience.
takes a lot of patience.
For hours in the dark.
I love nature.
i wish i have been.
Mr. Salmon?
I just. I never had a chance to
tell how i'm sorry about your lost
Dad
Let me help you.
- I can manage.
It is no trouble.
allright. i'm appreciate it
Daddy. look.
- This is for you
You are welcome.
He smells delicious.
Look at me.
- Careful. honey.
He smells delicious.
Delicious.
- Beautiful.
dad
Dad. look at me.
I think you go home
must go. Mr. Salmon.
go on home
I'm sorry.
I can not help you.
What have you done with my daughter?
It must stop. Jack.
You were almost arrested tonight.
You are lucky that George Harvey
no complaint.
Lucky?
Your father put a hole in the man
made back.
He had a hole in his head to make.
- Lindsey. please.
Did you hear that. Jack?
This example you give to your children.
persecuting the neighbours.
- He is not crazy.
I said no.
- Why do not you listen to him?
Because you need proof. Lindsey.
You can not accuse George Harvey
if you have no evidence.
You need evidence.
- You're pathetic.
Why do not you. You long
ago ceased to her.
Len is right.
It is time that we leave behind us.
It's been too long gone.
This must stop.
- Papa ...
Things follow their natural course. Lindsey.
Len. I appreciate everything you've done.
You're a great friend to me.
This also applies to Abigail.
You're a great friend
for both of us.
Murder changes everything.
When I was alive.
I never hated anyone.
But now hate everything I had.
I want him dead.
I want him cold and dead.
without blood in his veins.
Look at me once.
Look what he has done to me.
What am I now?
The dead girl?
The lost girl?
The girl disappeared?
I am nothing.
I was So stupid.
I was so stupid.
- You do not control this. Susie.
He does not own you.
You can be free of him.
But not this way.
What do you know?
You don't know anything.
That man took my life
You'll see. Susie.
In the end. You'll understand.
Everyone dies.
Brian?
- Go.
Well then.
Dad?
Papa? I realized what I
had done.
I willed him to stop.
I willed him to turn back.
I know it's you.
Come out.
Come out. face me
Did you hear me. son of the bitch?
Go off me.
- Sick bastard.
Brian. stop it.
Brian. keep up with it.
- You get to my girl.
dad!
No.
- Brian. stop it.
Brian. stop it.
You killed him.
He is dead.
- Go. go.
Hurry.
I knew that he
would never give me up.
He was never one of my dead
bill.
I was his daughter.
And he was my dad.
And he had loved me. as much as he could.
I had to let him go.
Sophie Cichetti. Pennsylvania.
1960.
She was his landlady.
Jacky Meyer. Delaware.
1967.
She had just become 13. Her body was
found in a drainage ditch.
On the side of the road.
Lea Fox.
Delaware 1969.
She was already dead when her body
in the river threw.
Lana Johnsen.
1960.
Bucks County. Pensylvania.
She was lured into a shack.  he
had built of old doors.
She was the youngest.
She was six.
Flora Hernandez.
Delaware 1963.
He just wanted to touch.
But she screamed.
Denise Liang.
Connecticut 1971.
13. She waited on her father's Store
at the close was when she disappeared.
Denise Lian. sometimes like to be called Holly
Susie Salmon. 14.
Norristown. Pennsylvania. 1973.
Murdered in a room he
had built under the earth.
Come on. guys. Keep up.
Are you OK. Lyndsey?
- Go on.
You sure?
-i'm fine. Go.
catch up?
Local Teen Charged with
Felony Assault
Salmon girl
Corn Field
Salmon House
hatch
Papa.
Where's Daddy?
Mama.
What are you doing here?
- What does it matter. She is home.
Home for Good?
- Of course she is home for good.
Where is Buckley?
- Soccer Training. I take him to one hours.
My girl.
- Jack.
Look at you sometimes.
What happened?
No. you're late.
We are closed.
- You're closed?
Yes.
Too bad. I had really hoped
this thing to lose.
Sorry. pal. We throw it close.
- You throw it closed?
I really hate conveniencing you ... but...
Do you need help.
- Yeah. fine.
I come here almost every day.
I like to listen to the sounds.
Have you seen Holly?
- Did she tell you about this place?
Yes.
Then you must be ready.
I Floor Hernandez.
The others will be here soon.
Who is that?
- I do not know.
I get the creeps from him.
- Kriebels? why? Are you 12?
# On the floating. shipless. oceans#
# I did all my best to smile #
# till your singing eyes and fingers #
# drew me loving into your eyes.#
# And you sang "Sail to me. sail to me.
Let me enfold you." #
# Here I am. here I am
waiting to hold you. #
# Did I dream you dreamed about me?#
# Were you here when I was full sail?#
# For you sang "Touch me not. touch me not.
Come back tomorrow."#
# Oh my heart. oh my heart shies from the sorrow.#
It is beautiful.
Of course it's great.
It is heaven.
But come on.
What are you waiting for?
You're Free
Almost.
Not quite.
Ray!
Ruth!
What happened?
What's wrong?
Ruth!
Susie!
You wrote me a poem
once.
You called yourself Moor.
That's good. I can. I think.
Kiss me.
You're beautiful. Susie Salmon.
These were the lovely bones. that had
grown around my absence
The connections sometimes tenuous.
Sometimes made at greate cost.
But often magnificent.
That happened after I was gone.
And I began to see things
in a way ...
that let me hold the world
without me in it
A cold night.
you are looking for a ride?
No.
No?
Are you sure?
It's pretty cold out here.
I'll take you anywhere you want to go.
What do you yhink?
- Look. mister ...
I'm not interested. ok?
- I'm not trying do nothing. I just want to be polite.
That's all.
A young lady. alone at night.
That is not safe.
Did you hear me?
piss off!
When my mother came to my room
I realized ...
All these times i been waiting for her
I've been waiting so long.
I was afraid she wouldn't come.
I love you. Susie.
Nobody notices when me leave.
I mean ...
the moment i really chose to go
at best you might feel a whisper.
or the wave of a whisper.
Undulating down.
My name is Salmon.
Just like the fish.
first name Susie.
I was 14 years when I was murdered.
On December 6.
1973.
I was here a moment.
And then I was gone.
I wish you all
a long and happy life.
Subtitle by
amir_t6262@yahoo.com
Directed by
Peter Jackson